well howdy there internet people its
beau again so we've got to talk about
the trade war some more president said
that he had second thoughts about
everything that was interpreted to mean
that he wish he hadn't started the trade
war that's not what he meant
he does have second thoughts about
everything and third and fourth judging
by how often his positions switch but
what he meant was that he regrets not
raising the tariffs higher he regrets
not taxing you more and one of the
things I've realized over the last few
days is that most Americans do not
understand how tariffs work the
president has no power to tax the
Chinese that's not a thing he taxes
American importers on Chinese goods as
they come across the border
those importers pass that tax that cost
of that tax on to the retailer who then
passes it on to you what the president
said is that he regrets not taxing you
more that's really what he said that's
really what it means there's no other
possible meaning behind that another
question that keeps coming in is can the
president used the international
emergency economic Powers Act to simply
in trade with China our largest trading
partner with a pen stroke that has to be
unconstitutional no he can he can he
does have that authority these emergency
powers acts these laws that came about
in the 60s and 70s they were designed to
deal with nuclear war the entire eastern
seaboard is gone they grant the
presidency a massive amount of power now
the idea was because Congress was gone
or he couldn't get in contact with them
he didn't have the ability to actually
legislate and use our constitutional
system so they created an environment
for the event of massive catastrophes
that was the idea this is kind of a
byproduct of that thought process he
does have that ability what does that
mean for us the presidency has too much
power
the president is too powerful not just
Trump all of them we need to move to
limit that that's why it seems like
we're living in a dictatorship where a
pen stroke can change the lives of
millions of people we're not living in a
representative democracy because we
subvert it it there's never been a
democracy of history that hasn't
committed suicide and right now we've
got the gun to our head we have to move
to limit the power of the presidency of
the office not just Trump during the
next administration it needs to be a an
overriding theme to rescind a lot of the
executive powers that the executive
branch has we've got to get rid of them
otherwise it's not going to be long
before we go down that road before
somebody with Trump's attitude takes
power and has the popular support to
enact this stuff doesn't have a
resistance fighting against it it can't
happen in it will we have to get rid of
this legislation I know people were
hoping for me to say no here's this
bizarre constitutional no that's not in
this case yeah he totally has this
authority he can destroy the economy
with a pen stroke it shouldn't but he
could anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good day